Purti Gupta
SAP BW/HANA Consultant
Email: purtig4@gmail.com
Mob: +91 7898846085


PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

   Total 3 years of experience as SAP BW/HANA Consultant in TATA Consultancy Services.
   Currently I am in Cognizant and searching for Project. 
   Have work experience in Production Support Project in SAP BI 7.5.
   Experienced in meeting deadlines and handling clients with rapport.
   Excellent Interpersonal skillsand Analytical skill and ability to work effectively in a team environment.

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

   Experience in complete life cycle - data extraction, data modelling& reporting.
   Experience in loading Master and Transactional data from R/3 system and flat files into BW system.
   Worked extensively on LO Cockpit. Utilized Standard Data sources with LO Customizing Cockpit for extracting the data from different logistics.
   Have great understanding of all the new concepts of BW like Column Storage, LSA ++ Architecture , Flat schemas, Semantic Partition,  Operational Data Provisioning(ODP)/ODQ, Open ODS view, Fieldbased modelling ,Composite Provider, ADSO, Integration of SAP Hana  Models into SAP BW.
   Knowledge of ECC standard tables used in LO extraction and good understanding of deltamechanism and delta process being used in it.
   Extracted the data from LO, CO-PA and generic extractors (based on table, view and function module) and usedInitialization with Delta Update and Full Update methods.
   Experienced in modeling, extracting, transforming, and loading (ETL) data into data targets for reporting for MM, SD,and FI/CO modules.
   Experience in system maintenance tasks Delta queue cleaning, Setup table deletion validation.
   Worked on Management Work Bench with creating and maintaining InfoObjects, DSO, InfoCubes, Multi-providers, DTP, Transformations, ADSO, Composite Provider and Open ODS View.
   Experience in creation of Info-package Transformations, Start Routines, End Routines and installing BW standard objects from BI content..
   Created and modified Queries based on the user requirement using , Formulas, Calculated KeyFigures, Restricted Key Figures , free characteristics , filters, Structures, Variable, ,Conditions, Exceptions in BW Query Designer to generate required reports.
   Experience in creating, monitoring and scheduling the Process chains using various processes to automate data loading.





SKILL SETS

Business Intelligence: SAP BW on HANA, SAP BW 7.5
ETL: SAP BW
ERP: SAP ECC
Platforms: MS Windows XP/Vista/Window 7 / Window 8/Windows 10
Productivity Tools: MS Office Suite

PROJECT DETAILS

Project:  SAP BW     NIKE INC.
(November 2016- Current)

Responsibilities:

   Working as a BW-HANA Consultant for the US based client NIKE Inc.
   Involved in development of various Data targets and Info providers like DSO, Info-cubes, Info objects, Multiproviders using TcodeRSA1 .
   Involved in Creating and managing the ADSOs, Composite providers and open ODS views on BW modeling in ECLIPSE.
   Involved in creating, Scheduling, Monitoring and resolving the Process chains failures like Erroneous PSA records, TRFCs failure, DTP failure etc.
   Involved in Managing Info-cubes, which involves info cube content, performance issue like indexes, compression of info cube and rolling up the data to the Aggregates.
   Involved in Creating and managing attribute views, calculation views and Analytic View.
   Involved in resolution of data load failures. Data load & job monitoring during testing. Taking Proactive actions to correct them and stop its reoccurrence. 
   Analyzing& resolving all issues reported by user. Analyzed the errors, found the root cause of errors, and provided corrective solution. 
   Involve in scheduling and attending the calls with users along with multiple teams (ABAP Team and OM Teams) toget the high urgency issue resolved within its time limits.
   Involved in data loading (Initial/full/delta/repair full), Scheduling and Monitoring.
   Created and changed Queries in Bex Query Designer and also created broadcasted settings to broadcast the report to Portal.
   Experience in debugging the DTPs to find out the errors.
   Worked on issue related to workbook refreshing and settings. Also have experience in the workbook based on multiple queries..
   Extensively Worked on LO Cockpit (LBWE) and performed necessary procedures like deleting setup tables,    lling up of setup tables(Using script and manually) and loaded data from ECC to BI system.
   Worked on the data reconciliation issue in BW and in different module of ECC likeSD, MM, FI and CO-PA.Have good understanding of standard T-codes and tables of R/3 systemwhich help in analyzing the issue.
   Extensively Worked on Coverage Report(Sales Order Allocation/Demand-Supply scnario)issues such as there is mismatch in ECC transaction and in Coverage report(End user access this report as Cognos).


TRAINING ATTENDED

   Attended training in SAP ABAP.
   Experience in creation Domain, Data Element, Table, Structure and View.
   Knowledge on creation of Function Module.


ACHEIVEMENTS / AWARDS

   On the spot award for NIKE INC. production support project.

EDUCATION DETAILS

   Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication from Medicaps Institute of Technology & Management, Indore.

PERSONAL DETAILS
	Date of Birth
	:
	20-Feb-1995

	Father   s Name
	:
	Mr. Ramesh Kumar Gupta

	Email ID
	:
	Purtig4@gmail.com

	 Mob.
	:
	+91 7898846085

	Nationality                                                              
	:                                    
	Indian

	
	
	

	
	
	

	
	
	

	
	
	

	
	
	





	
	
	




