Curriculum Vitae 



Asreen A. Khopekar (Kapde)

		                                                307/308 Basera Apartments Plot No: 11,

		                                           Sector 17, Vashi Navi Mumbai-400703                                                                                                 

: 91 - 9819578543 / 27880216

E-mail: asreenk@gmail.com

		





Career Objective					



To make a significant contribution in an environment that provides opportunities for professional growth and increasing responsibilities. More importantly working in a team to bring forth the best from self and everyone. 







Work Experience	



Company Name   :   Khopekar & Sons, Family Business (Transport Company)



       Date of Joining    :    September 2012 till Date



        Role & Responsibility: ADMIN Related work





Company Name   :   Accenture services Pvt Ltd. (India)



       Date of Joining    :    28th August    08 till 10th September 2012



					       Location	             :      Mumbai

					

					        Designation          :      Software Engineer

 

      Technology          :     SAP Security



					Experience as SAP Security Consultant for 4+years

					Trained in SAP Basis From Accenture Services Pvt Ltd





      Project Details: 



       Client                    :    BHP-Billiton 



       Project Type         :   Support project

 

       Application           :   SAP R/3 security



					

					      

					

					

					

					 Description:

					

					BHP Billiton is a global leader in the resources industry with 41,000 employees working in over 100 operations in 25 countries. BHP Billiton occupies significant positions in major commodity businesses, including aluminum, energy coal and metallurgical coal, copper, manganese, iron ore, uranium, nickel, silver and titanium minerals, and has substantial interests in oil, gas, liquefied natural gas and diamonds. The central tenet of the BHP Billiton business model is its diversified portfolio of high quality assets providing stable cash flows and an enhanced capacity to drive growth.

					

					Role		:	SAP Security Administrator

					

					Responsibilities:

    

SAP Single User Creation, Deletion and Modification (SU01)

SAP Mass User Creation, Deletion and Modification (SU10 and LSMW)

SAP Role Creation, Deletion and Modification (PFCG)

SAP User Group Creation, Deletion and Modification (SUGR)

Checking and Analyzing Authorization for Users (SU53 & SU56)

Different kinds of reporting for Clean up activity and for SOX Audits using several SAP Tables (SE16)

Guiding the Team on communication with client and process (prepared Mail template)

Worked on analyzing the user request & assign it to appropriate person

Prepared process document on SAP Role Creation, Deletion and Modification

Given presentation on System Trace (ST01)

Prepared Checklist for the Team which ensures work is done correctly as per the process.

					Project & Role Description 

					

					Extensive experience in SAP Security Administration & Authorization including Activity Groups, Profile Generator (PFCG), Employee Self Service(ESS) 

					Experience in Creating, Modifying, Maintaining and transporting roles (Single, Composite and Derived)

					Expertise in Security Administration in *SAP R/3, BW, HR, SRM, CCMS, XI, Portal with SOX* (Sarbanes Oxley) Compliance.

					Extensive knowledge of all aspects of SAP Security and Authorizations, User Tracing, Troubleshooting, *SOD*.

					Setting up a New User/ Deleting an existing user, locking/ unlocking a user, resetting password, maintaining a user and work on profile according to need(s). 

					Set up and administration of Fire-fighter (Service user ids,communication and reference userID's).

					Day to day technical support and resolution of security issues and implementation of role based security.

					Mass user maintenance through SU10 and handling user issues through SU53 and ST01.

					Interacted with teams and SAP Super users to define roles for Activity-based security 

					Support user in determination and resolving authorization related issues. 

					Background Jobs administration. 

					Creation and effective use of LSMW scripts

					Worked with Tcodes SE09,SE03 ST22

					Worked on Bug fixes

					Identity Management 

					User and Role administration using SU01, PFCG and RSECADMIN in BI

					Fluent with the usage of Structural Authorizations and Position based security using PO10, PO13, PA20, PA30, PA40 in HR.

					



    An active member of the following:



Operation Team: Solve request which are assigned to me

SARAB Team: Use to analyze each and every request, checking all the approvals in place as per process and assign the tickets

Enhancement Team: SAP Role Creation, Modification and Deletion 

Trouble Ticket Team: Solve the trouble tickets assigned to me

Celebration Team: Organize events, Birthday Bashes, Gifts, Parties, celebrations of each team member

GPTW Team: Use to organize events at organizational level







Academic Qualification









Certificate/Degree



Year of  Passing

  

Name of  Institution/University

   Result

   Grade



B.Sc.(IT) VI sem

April-2008

Lala Lajpatrai College/ Mumbai

70.00%

   First

B.Sc.(IT) V sem

Nov-2007

Lala Lajpatrai College/ Mumbai

64.40%

   First

H.S.C

Mar-2005

Lala Lajpatrai College/ Mumbai

73.17%

   First

S.S.C

Mar-2003

St. Isabel   s High School / Mumbai

67.60%

   First











Technical Expertise



SAP

R/3 Security, HR Security, BW Security, SAP GRC (RAR and CUP)

Windows Applications

Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint 

Languages

C, C++, JAVA, VISUAL BASIC, C#, HTML, (College subjects)

Front Ends

Visual Basic 6.0

Database

SQL, MS Access

Operating Systems

		 Windows XP

Application Tools

		Fire-Fighter Tool, Ticketing Tools like Service Management Suite (SMS), ITSM, Quality Center (QC)









Additional Qualifications	





ITIL V3 certification foundation course from Accenture



Greenfield training and certification from Accenture 



Certificate in Computer Repairing from Gurukul Technical Classes.









Project Handled in Academic Year in College



Project Name               :   V-Works  - The Complete Database Management System.

Company Name           :   Addonix Technologies Pvt  Ltd.

Front End                     :   VB .NET.

Back End                      :   SQL server 2000.

Objective                      :   To manage the records of Leads and Sales, Technical                                              

	                                          Support, Customer Relationship and Management.

	

Qualities		



	

	My Positive Attitude and analytical skills helps me in resolving complex & overbearing issues.

	Commitment to work creates integrity and responsibility while discharging my duties.

	The urge to excel is a driving and motivating factor which enhances my performance.







Strength		





	Can independently handle any assignments 

	Flexibility to work as a Team member 

	As a self motivator, I also have the necessary skills to motivate a team

	Always ready to take initiatives











Personal Information	



Date of Birth		:	10th June 1988

Marital Status		:	Married

Languages Known	:	English, Hindi, & Marathi

Nationality 		:	Indian 

Hobbies                      :	Reading Newspaper, Interacting and 					Socializing.

Passport No.              :           	R1557264





Extra curricular activities	



Participated in school and college sports and have won many certificates in athletics in school.

Participated in essay contest held by the indo-Japanese Association.

Participated in the cultural program held in school and college.
